# Pour Over Website
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/V-oKqOV9KTc
#### Description: The Pour Over Website combines a calculator, stopwatch, and a coffee log for all the coffee nerds out there that need one place to log all the coffees they have made. Below I have detailed a common workflow I go through every morning. First, everyone must create a login to access the site. This login is important so an individual database can be kept for all the coffees someone has logged. After logging in, head over to "make coffee". Here you will find a basic coffee calculator and stopwatch. Calculator: The calculator is used for finding out how much coffee someone will need. They can change the ratio of coffee to water, and then specify how much coffee they want. This ratio is very important because here is a jumping off point for tweeking a pour over recipe. If the coffee seems a little bit weak, easy fix!: increase the ratio of coffee to water! Because my website will remember what you just entered, simply change the ratio and recalculate how much coffee you want to add. Stopwatch: The stopwatch is important because there are specific targets you want whenever you make a pour over. For instance, the general consensus is a bloom phase of 30 seconds, and depending on how much coffee you are making, total time shouldn't be more than 3 minutes. If you find that it is taking too long to brew (and you will know how long it takes to brew because of this stopwatch feature), then you might want to adjust the grind size to be larger to let water through quicker. These two tools in my website are very important when it comes to each bag of coffee you brew with because every coffee is different! After you make a coffee, head over to the notes section. Here you can see displayed all your previous notes, sorted by highest rated. If you want to add a new note, press "create note". Creating Notes: Because every coffee is different, it is important to write down as much information you can about the coffee which will help you sort through all the flavors in the complex drink and figure out what you like in coffee. Documenting the location where the coffee comes from will help you be able to derive what locations generally carry what notes. To further develop the website, I might consider adding more columns to the database, such as the ability to add pictures. Also, I might add the ability to choose a specific method of brewing coffee, not just pour over, with instructions for each method to be more user friendly for beginners.